-Let's get to the news.
White House press secretary,
Sarah Huckabee Sanders
held a press briefing today
for the first time in six weeks.
And I think it'll be the last
one for a while,
cause she ended with
"happy holidays."
[ Laughter ]
President Trump
spent the weekend
at his Mar-a-Lago resort
in Florida.
By the way, that sentence
was written two years ago,
and yet it still works
every Monday.
[ Laughter ]
According to a new survey,
Senator Bernie Sanders
is polling just two points
behind former Vice President
Joe Biden in Iowa,
which makes sense when you see
the poll question.
[ Laughter ]
According to Axios, former Vice
President Joe Biden is expected
to announce whether he'll run
for President within days,
and the suspense
is killing nobody.
Of course --
of course he's running.
They probably have to strap him
down Hannibal Lecter style
to keep him from announcing.
The only way he's not running
for President
is if Obama invites him to go on
a four-year road trip.
Ahh!
[ Cheers and applause ]
President Trump today denied
that he mistakenly referred
to Apple CEO Tim Cook
as Tim Apple.
and claimed he was just trying
to, "Save time and words."
You?
You were trying to save words?
I'm pretty sure you're the
reason words need rescuing.
[ Laughter ]
An increasing number of
Democrats have begun calling
for the party to consider
expanding the number
of justices
on the Supreme Court.
Said Brett Kavanaugh,
"but there's already 18."
[ Laughter ]
Indiana mayor and Democratic
presidential hopeful,
Pete Buttigieg yesterday
called President Trump's
term in office a,
"Porn star presidency."
And that's an apt description,
because I enjoyed it
for about five minutes,
and I've felt weird ever since.
[ Laughter ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
It's been announced there will
be a new emoji
to represent
interracial couples.
It's just like
the old couples emoji,
but with a bunch
of white people staring.
[ Laughter ]
The Chicago Symphony Orchestra
went on strike today,
or as they call it, rest.
[ Laughter ]
Yeah.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Yeah, we did a smart joke!
Yeah, you said we couldn't.
We did one!
[ Laughter ]
A Florida man was recently
sentenced to 60 days in jail
after he grabbed a McDonald's
employee by their shirt collar
because he couldn't
find a straw.
I mean, that is insane.
Someone in Florida
was wearing a shirt?
[ Laughter ]
[ Audience groans ]
We did a symphony joke, too.
[ Laughter ]
According to a new report,
the average city bus
in New York travels
just 6.4 miles per hour,
which transit researchers
have pointed out
is nearly 2 miles per hour
slower than a rat can sprint.
[ Laughter ]
So next time you're being chased
by a rat, don't take the bus!
[ Laughter ]
Go faster!
[ Cheers and applause ]
And finally, a Vermont town
recently elected a
three-year-old goat
to be its mayor,
which was pretty embarrassing
for the guy who ran against him.